the relationship that you have with the people that are in charge of you
in my opinion needs to be kind of open and honest they need to know
what your expectations are of them and you definitely need to know
what their expectations are of you and if your meeting those so it's
it's okay to occasionally get with them and ask Hey you know my meeting
your expectations of my meeting the commands objective a mission
objectives are we heading in the right direction and constantly
reassess those things because the situation is changing those objectives
change all the time but you want to have an open honest relationship
with your superiors so that way they they that trust is built
and they take what you say as as truth and they're not gonna die out
kind of the information that you're putting out